





GODS AMONG US







    
Chapter 1 
White Light
	It was a bright and sunny summer like every other at California. The beach was busy as usual filled with people from different part of the country who have come to spend the summer holidays in California and even those that reside in the state. The birds fly over the ocean water like they are flaunting their wings with the wave rising and falling towards the sandy beach. The Older men and women laid on the beach and watched as the younger once were playing in the water and surfers surfing the wave. The children were kept close to the beach and they floated over the water in the balloons they were placed in. Elizabeth! One of the girls surfing yelled. Elizabeth had just gotten into college and was home on vacation. She had come to the beach to play with her high school friends, some of whom were home on vacation or haven’t gotten into college yet. They were all surfing the waves and called Elizabeth to join them. Elizabeth wasn’t a good surfer like the rest of them so she surfed close to the beach where the wave wasn’t too strong.  Hey! Trish, how has college been treating you? Elizabeth asked as she paddled her surf board close to her friend. “Good, What about you?”. Nothing much, just school stuff … God I miss all of this. “Is it the surfing?” Trish asked. Not just the surfing, I mean like …everything, the sand, the ocean view, the sun… “There is no sun at Washington” Trish chuckled… No, I just…  miss home Elizabeth said as she troubled the water beneath her with her legs in the water. “Well its summer holiday let’s just have fun” Trish laid on her board and started paddling with both her hands, she was rowing further into the ocean joined the surfers. 
Come with me! Beckoned on Elizabeth. Elizabeth didn’t hesitate, she joined her friend. When they got far enough It’s ok here Trish yelled. They turned towards the beach waiting for the tide. Here it comes Elizabeth said as she started rowing once the speed was enough, she got on her feet slowly till she was balanced enough. All was going well, as they were both screaming in ecstasy. Trish yelled “Checked this out”, She performed a backflip while surfing. Woooow! Elizabeth screamed as she surfed along the wave just then, a heavier tide rose causing Elizabeth to fall into the water. She hit her head on her board as she fell knocking her out cold in the water. Trish waited for a while hoping she would swim out but she didn’t. At this point she knew something was wrong so she screamed out for help. Her cry got the attention of the life savers at the beach who dived in immediately to rescue her.

*North London *
	What else is left on the list? Oliver mother asked her son as she added bottles of wine on the stores shelf to the cart her son was pushing. “Milk and turkey” Oliver answered softly since he wasn’t much of a talker. She looked at her son noticing his fallen countenance “I miss him too, and I know how much you loved this ‘family night’ together with him around…” Can we just get the milk and turkey and let’s go Oliver tried to stop him mother from giving him her regular speech on how he should let go of the past. His father had died on duty as a police officer. He remembers it like it was yesterday. He and his mother had prepared the food for the family night they always had on the last day of every month. Then was the knock on the door, his father’s partner came in giving him a tight hug with tears in his eyes.  As if she had known what happened his mother burst into tears. After that night they had stopped the family night. Oliver had just gotten home from serving the country as a soldier. So his mother decided to organize the family night.
	Oliver pushed the cart towards the sales attendant who unpacked the cart and calculated the goods. Three pounds she said to Oliver. He handed her the money and asked her to keep the change. He carried the bagged goods ready to go home, just then the security guards at the door yelled to the customers at the door to get back inside and lay low. What is going on Oliver asked. It’s a gun fight, stay in sir. There was a shoot-out between robbers and the British police. The robbers were trying to get away in a car but their car had crashed and they were forced to shoot back at the police officers chasing them. In the midst of the commotion a woman in the store yelled “My daughter!” she was waiting for me outside. Oliver asked his mother to wait with a woman squatting beside one of the shelves. He moved close to the woman, where was your daughter waiting? The crying woman answered she was standing outside by the door. She is going to be ok Oliver told her as he moved towards the door crouching. The security men tried to stop him from going outside but he ignored them as he opened the door slowly. People were running trying to protect themselves from the gun fight.  Oliver looked to his left and saw the eight years old few meters from the door. She squatted crying. Oliver crouched up to her and told her its ok as he tucked her in his arms. He carried her and was headed back inside when he got hit by a stray bullet. One of the police officers had shot the last robber standing causing his submachine gun to shoot in all direction as he fell. One of the strayed bullets hit Oliver on his back but he struggled to get the girl back into the store. Immediately He got he and the girl got inside, he fell to the ground with his face on the floor. His mother ran towards him crying as she held him in her hands. Call and ambulance she yelled. Olie, Olie stay with me, don’t leave me too.
	
*Lagos Nigeria*
	How much am I paying for Ketu? Damilola asked the bus conductor as he boarded the bus. He has waited at the bus stop for munities. “Your moni na two fifty naira” the conductor answered with a broken English, meaning your fee is two fifty Nigerian naira. Damilola sat in the bus with the rest of the passengers already in the bus and the once that joined him at the bus stop. As the driver started the bus, he yelled out to the passengers letting them know he won’t be using the normal route due to traffic. He decided to take the third-mainland bridge, one of the major bridges in Lagos state. It was a fast link between the state’s mainland and its island. Below the bridge is a lagoon flowing into the South Atlantic Ocean. Damilola paid his fare and brought out his phone. The bus moved at 60km/hrs. as it sped across the bridge. While messaging a news popped on the screen with a headline “Girl in hospital after falling of a three storey building in Mexico”. He ignored the pop-up and few munities later another one appeared over the screen. It was the story of how a boy saved a baby from a snake. He clicked to read the full article. Then a bang caught his attention, a bus in front of them had a burst tire and had swerved right in front of their own bus. The driver driving tried to prevent a crash with the bus that had a burst tire and swerved in the opposite direction, but he turned too fast causing the bus to drive off the bridge heading straight into the water. 
They say your whole world flashes before your eyes when you are about to die, well for Damilola it was the flash of the accident. First the driver struggling with the steering, next the people in the bus screaming for their life and finally the surface of the water and it was all darkness.
	
*Land of test*
	Damilola opened his eyes and found himself in the middle of nowhere. He was surrounded by thick bushes and trees like. He looked around trying to make sense of what he was seeing but he, couldn’t. Just then he had flashes of the accident he had, it caused a sharp pain in his head. I made him dizzy for few seconds and then the pain left. While he was still trying to get himself together he heard a soft sound like something disturbed the leaves. He turned to the source of the sound frightened. Hello! Who is there? He moved a step backward slowly and bent to pick up the stick close to him. Approaching slowly, he moved towards the disturbed grass, just as he got close a girl came out of hiding “don’t hit me please” she said with a soft faint voice with an American accent. She was white American about five and half inches. She was not to slim and looked like she is in her early twenties. I just got here I don’t know how I… she said stammering. Its ok I’m not going to hit you Damilola replied throwing the stick on the ground. How long have you been here? he asked. It’s just munities ago, I was surfing at the beach when the wave hit me and then I woke and found myself in the middle of nowhere. I had only taken a few steps when I saw you so I hid in the bushes. Startled by her story Damilola replied I was in an accident as well and then I woke up here. They both looked around again and then the girl asked Are we like dead? Are we in heaven? Damilola replied or maybe hell. The girl squatted on the floor trying to process the fact that she was dead. Damilola move close to her, hey, it’s going to be ok, I mean we don’t know what is and what’s not, let’s not jump into conclusions here. Let find out where we are first and then we can decide what is going on, though it seemed like Damilola was in control of the situation from his speech but really he was also trying to convince himself everything will be alright. We can’t learn anything staying here, but how do we know where we are going? The girl asked sobbing. We can figure it out together Damilola answered stretching his has to her. She took his hand and got on her feet. And they both started walking even without knowing where they are headed. I never got your name, Elizabeth it’s Elizabeth. I am Damilola, where are you from Elizabeth asked. Nigeria… Oh Daa-mie-lor-lah Elizabeth tried to pronounce his name but did wrongly. Damilola chuckled you can just call me Dami that should be easier.    Da-mie Elizabeth repeated. Yeah that works too, Damie he repeated blushing.
	I’m sorry about the stick earlier, it just got a little tense so I had to brace myself. Elizabeth smiled and said its ok to be scared and to want to protect yourself. Damilola laughed, I was horrified, the movies I remembered didn’t help either. They both laughed at his joke. You know you look lovely when you smile I mean really lovely. I don’t know how all of this is going to end but just know I got you. Elizabeth nodded Ok with a slight blush on her face. We better rest for a bit Elizabeth paused and looked at Damilola who was also looking tired. They both sat under a tree to rest before continuing there walk. My mum is going to be worried sick Elizabeth said, it’s really gonna break her heart . She looked at Damilola what about you what do you think is gonna happen, when your parents find out there son is missing. I’ve been trying to get that of my head since I got here Damilola answered her. Did you hear that Elizabeth interrupted Damilola. What he asked her, running water she replied. She got up and tried to follow the sound of the water. Damilola stood up and followed her. Thank God Damilola rushed down to drink from the flowing river. While washing Elizabeth raised her head and was frightened by what she saw. Damie she called out gently. What Damilola answered raising his head. Look! Damilola looked on the other side of the river and saw a white light admist the shaking leaves. They both moved back slowly trying to figure out what it could possible be. All of a sudden the glowing light flew fast towards them they both tripped and fell on the ground. The light flew past them and then was floating around them. The looked closely at the creature and it looked like it was a glowing butterfly. Damilola looked at Elizabeth still on the  ground, he burst into laughter Elizabeth joined him and gave a sigh of relief. They both got up, that was tense Elizabeth said trying to mimic Damilola, they both laughed it off. Follow me a voice said softly. Whilst still laughing, Damilola asked, did you say something? Elizabeth answered surprisingly “I was gonna ask the same but it didn’t sound like your voice”. They both paused and looked at the “butterfly”. This time they heard clearly Follow me!. What they taught was a butterfly wasn’t a butterfly, it was a pixie. Though as small as a butterfly they look more like a human with butterfly wings, and they also glow white light. Follow me the pixie said and started flying further away from them. Say what now! Elizabeth exclaimed softly. Lets go she said as she ran after the pixie. Are you we should follow a talking butterfly in the middle of no where? Damilola asked. Are you scared She replied. No! its not like I am scared, its just…. I am a Nigerian and that is a talking butterfly, my natural instincts says go the other way. What harm can the butterfly possibly do She replied. Come on now we have to catch up with the butterfly.
	Where in the world is the butterfly taking us to? Damilola asked rhetorically. I don’t think I have an answer to that Elizabeth answered jokinly. I am not a butterfly, infact I am a pixie and I am not going to kill you, I am taking you to meet the others at (the altar of souls—to be translated to greek). Oh a pixie, I’ve heard of you except you were supposed to be…. Sort of not real Damilola added. Just shut up and come along the pixie said to Damilola, Elizabeth chuckled a she kept following pixie. After treading the pixies path for minites, the finally got to there destination. Its was a sight like never before. In the midst of the forest was a circular formed shape. No tree was in the circle except a fell tree surrounded with tree roots and leaves. Over the tree was a colony of pixies flying in rhythmic patterns as the glow over the fell tree. The pixie the brought Damilola and Elizabeth joined the rest of the pixies. They both seemed so carried away by the beauty the saw until a voiced coughed to get their attention. They snapped out of the lust of the pixie colony.
Hey, they both said as they looked around to see the faces of several boys and girls surrounding the tree altar who seemed to be focused on them being the latest once to join the group. Apparently they had also been brought to the same location by a pixie that didn’t really tell them much. Does anyone knows what is going on Elizabeth asked. While still talking there was a movement in the bush, They all turned their attention to the bush expecting someone else. A indian boy walked in looking confused and wondering why everyone was staring at him. Dami then broke the awkward silence, does anyone know where we are?. The pixie that brought the indian boy then flew in to join the remaining pixies. Once it was in the colony, the light each pixie emitted got brighter and brighter. They all had to close there eyes
